# CFFC Organizational Meeting January 12, 2019

## Meeting Goals

Annual planning and roles clarification/workshopping

## Meeting Agenda

* Project inventory/updates
* Roles workshopping
* Annual planning/goals
	* Ongoing issues
	* Fundraising
	* Party of event(s)
	* Recruiting
* How we work

## Current Projects

* What is the balance between being able to work on the project without
* Should we be putting updates in Slack from each weekly meeting
* **We should ask *project leaders* post updates to the project's Slack channel every week and/or meeting**
* List
	* Solar Scorecard (David fixes bug)
	* CERP
	* Volunteer Matching (VoA)
	* Fire Department things
* Thing David should do this year: quarterly WordPress help desk at the library -- should coordinate with Sarah Scobey at the library

## Roles

* Currently
	* Captain
	* Community Liaison
	* Meeting Leader
	* Project Leader
	* Teaching Team Member
* Other roles
	* PR/Social Media (and Marketing?)
		* Tech news that's relevant
		* Project and meeting updates
		* Civic Tech and CFA news
	* Fundraising (separate from community liaison?)
	* Should have other roles? Like a team member?
		* Dan doesn't think so because people want to be free
		* David and Steven think it could have value
		* Maybe for on-boarding

## Annual Planning

* Formalizing organizational structure and making sure that David steps down as a captain by the end of the year
* Resource management -- making sure we share well the CFA resources
* Update the website (David) and unifying with Org repo
* Should we do the event?
	* April
		* Dan will reach out to New Belgium and Odell about it
		* How about asking on Thursday? But we're defaulting to go
		* Venue: Dan
		* Marketing emails: David write
		* Marketing of events: all, inc Steve
		* Cash or check donations? David emails
		

## Future Discussion

* Code for Northern Colorado instead of Fort Collins
