# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_06_24

## Meeting Goals

- Assign someone to establish a pitch format for pitch night.

## Meeting Agenda

- Develop Core Team

## Discussion

### Core Team

Still looking for:

- Team Captain
- Community Organizer
- Event Planner
- Product Manager

Action Items:

- Reach out to people who may be interested.
- Write job descriptions.
- Post to website to fill role.

### Hackathon Event

Name.com Hack the Dot
Friday July 8 from 6 to 9pm
Pizza and Beverages

Action Items:

- Blog post on website.
- Event details on website.
- Get on events list / meetups at Galvanize.
- Promote on social media.

### Website

Action Items:

- Auto invite
- Needs instructions on how to write / post content
- Need people to write content.
- Minor improvements like image sizing, content padding.

### Social Media

- Twitter created.
- Meetups needs to be created.
- Facebook needs to be created.

### First Project

No pitch night initially. Instead, follow an alpha, beta and project flow:

- (Alpha) We pick a project and build it out.
  - Have a release event
- (Beta) We pick 5 orgs to pitch.
  - We help them formulate their pitch.
  - Use a rubric to score and pick our next project.
- (Release) Anyone is invited to join in the pitch night.


Projects earlier on will have a very well defined scope, as we prove our capability we can take on broader projects.

Initial project scope:

- Small application / website.
- 3-4 months timeline.

Meeting Action Items:

- List organizations we would like to have participate in our first project
- Pick one and contact them.

### Tech Discussion

- Move from github to forum for discussion
- Move from github to kanban for action items
- Create mailing list / google group

### Misc Discussion
