# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_06_17

## Meeting Goals

- Assign someone to establish a pitch format for pitch night.

## Meeting Agenda

- Logo Design
- Core Team
- Hackathon
- New Tech
- Pitch Night
- Partnerships
- Website

## Discussion


### Logo Decided

Logo has been voted on!

Action Items:

- Begin digital development of logo using vector graphics. (Tara)

### Core Team

Currently looking for:

- Team Captain
- Community Organizer / Event Planner
- Product Manager

Action Items:

- Reach out to people who may be interested.
- Write job descriptions.
- Potentially split Community Organizer into two separate roles.
- Post to website to fill role.


### Hackathon Event

Working with Graham Mcbain and Name.com to get a `hackthedot` at Fort Collins Campus.

Action Items:

- Follow up with Graham and make it happen (Dan)

### New Tech

Promote organization and pitch night to the community.

Action Items:

- Talk with Seamus/Amanda. (Sam)
- Writeup short description to go with a pitch at new tech (Steph)


### CFFC's Partnership Opportunities

- No update

Action Item:

- Follow up with Secretary of State (Jordan)

### Website

- Website is online

Action Items:

- Auto invite
- Needs instructions
- Need people to write content.
- Minor improvements like image sizing.

### Social Media

Need to get the ball rolling on Facebook / Twitter

Action Items:

- Make social media happen (Jeremy)

### Pitch Night Format

- Need to figure out pitch format before other events so people have an idea of what we are looking for.
  - do we need judges, or just hold a Vote
  - pitchers and pitches, one million cups.
  - immediate vote


Should we have an event before hand to help people who pitch put a pitch together?

Thoughts:

- judge that night (form a panel 5 or 7 of us)
- need judging rubric (what criteria are we grading on)?
- provide rubric to community
- person in charge of pitch format, fleshing out coaching  (Aari)
- contact Janna about helping people prepare pitches?
- contact secretary of state, city of fort Collins
- hand pick people to pitch in our community
  - beta testers
  - figure out who would be the ideal canidates, twist their arm.
- promote
  - invite orgs we would like to see pitch in the future
  - pressrelease
  - Coloradoan
  - scene
  - meetups
- push back 1 week

Decision:

`Don't do a pitch night, build up a project. Then have an event release saying this is what we have done.
Then invite people to do a pitch in the future.``

Follow an alpha, beta and release flow:

- (alpha) We pick a project / organization and build it out.
- (beta) We pick 5 orgs to pitch.
- (release) Anyone is invited to join in the pitch night

## Discussion Points

- Defining project scope.
- Set timeframe for projects.
- Project handoff / maintenance

## Other Action Items

Possibly move to forum from github to get non coder discussion going.
Possibly move action items to some sort of kan ban.
