# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_09_29

## Introductions

- Jesse introduced himself as a new programmer, currently works at Broadcom. Mentioned he has CS4 for OSX if anyone needs it because he is not using it.

## Poudre School District Hackathon

Poudre school district hackathon committee decided to delay the Hackathon from November until February to allow for more time to plan.

## Project Time

- David worked on the Wordpress plugins for the Bike Coop site, getting them to save the information to the database.
- Jason focused primarily on developing the footer for the Bike Coop site after finishing the header.
- Aari organized a list of what we need to be focusing on, at an organizational level. Some notable items:
  - Fundraising & event sponsorship.
  - Articles of incorporation / operating agreement so we can open a bank account.
  - Slide deck for presentation.
  - List of professional contacts.
- Jordan helped onboard Jesse, and worked with Aari on organizational items, discussed processes to help improve our workflow.

# Action Items

- Arrange a call between Aari, Monique, Jordan and CFB / CFD to discuss By Laws, OA and Articles of Incorporation.
- Put a BikeCoop staging server online.
- Sync content for all developers on Bike Coop project.
- Add content to website.
- Continue developing footer and theme to match design documents.
- Continue to develop Bike Coop Volunteer Application & Report Stolen Bike Plugin.
- Update website and social media descriptions to be more representative of the company.
- Update links on social media to every other output.
- Website is offline, DNS records need updated.
