# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_07_1

## Meeting Goals

## Meeting Agenda

- Develop Core Team
- Promote Hackathon
- First Project
- Logo Design

## Discussion

### Core Team

Still looking for:

- Team Captain
- Community Organizer
- Event Planner
- Product Manager

Action Items:

- Reach out to people who may be interested.
- Write job descriptions.
- Post to website to fill role.

### Hackathon Event

Name.com Hack the Dot
Friday July 8 from 6 to 9pm
Pizza and Beverages

Action Items:

- Upload post to website. Jordan DONE
- Get on events list / meetups at Galvanize.
  - Meeting with Christy (Jordan)
  - can they provide anything?
  - space
  - meetups
- Coloradoan - Ahri
- Collegeon - Jamie
- Post to Galvanize members board. (jordan)
- Email Comp-Sci @ CSU (jordan)
- spam everyone
- personal facebook page / twitter

- Hangout on 1PM Tuesday with ideas they have
  - create a meetup

### Social Media

- Jordan social@codeforfoco, codeforfoco!2016!
- Jamie make Facebook page
- make event on Facebook
- upload logo to Facebook
- post event to Twitter
- upload logo to to Twitter

### Website

- add Twitter to website
- add Facebook page to website
- add Slack invite to website
- update colors of website to compliment logo.
- upload logo to website

### Logo Design

- Tara give Jeremy svg of one of the logos

### Gov Partnerships

- Corey - senator assistant coming up 7/29 (reschedule?)

### First Project

- BizGirls (Ahri)
  - A one week CEO training course for highschool girls.
  - Biggest Issues:
    - Marketing (engaged parents and engaged students)
    - Mentoring (continue to connect girls with mentors after one week)
      - large project scope (build an entire social network)
- Bike Coop (Jordan & Ahri)
  - Go there after this meeting
  - Biggest Issues:
    - Funding
    - Inconsistent influx of people

### Fundraising

- Ahri reach out to
- CA Tech Sponsoship
- Schedule meeting to other chapters to talk about their fundraising / sponsors
- CSU wants in and are coming to the hackathon
- Meeting with CFA
  - fundraising
  - sponsorship
  - meetups
  - official
- Need to meet with CFD CFB
