# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_06_03

## Meeting Goals

- Establish our first event!

## Meeting Agenda

- Discuss Hackathon.
  - Discuss Pitch Night.
  - Discuss potential dates, meeting spaces.
  - Event funding, sponsorship ideas.
- Logo
- CFFC Partnership Opportunities

## Discussion

### Hackathon

Hackathon to gain interest and get more people to join before our first pitch night.

- Problem Statement, what is the goal of this hackathon?
- Promotions / Who should we invite / have help us promote? Galv, CSU, FCGov
- What kind of prizes / swag should we offer?
  - AWS Credits
  - Google Cloud Credits.
  - Soft Layer Credit.
  - Donations from local places, like coffee shops and such.
  - Something tangible?
  - Name.com domains
  - Stack overflow swag?
- We need funding for prizes, food and booze.
  - Talk to local companies.
    - CA tech
    - Breweries?
  - Fundraising Opportunties?
    - Can we sell donuts?
  - Set a date and place.
    - Galv as location.
    - Sometime late June, 24th - 26th
    - How much time?

### Logo

Thoughts on the logo?

- Open up issue on github and vote


### CFFC's Partnership Opportunities

- Officially partnered with FCGov.
- Working on Sec of State.
- Talking to CFD and CFB.
- Officially getting setup with CFA.

### Website

- Clean up

### General Discussion

- Night not for coders, public night where we tell orgs who we are.
- before we have community or hack night we have pitch night established.
- Should arrange pitch night before
- should figure out pitch format
  - why
  - so that they have an outline of what we are looking for.

### Action Items

## Resources
