# CFFC Organizational Meeting 16_05_06

## Meeting Goals

- Discuss CFFC's values and goals.
- Establish a plan to get there.

## Meeting Agenda

- Have everybody describe their vision for CFFC.
- Ask people what makes them interested in the organization.
- Discuss the organizations commitment transparency and open values.
- Discuss CFFC's agile values.
- Describe where we would like to be in a month.
- What has been accomplished in the last week.
- Establish what we want to complete in the next week.
- Assign tasks.

## Discussion

### Vision

Our overall goal is to create a community of volunteers who are passionate about using their skills to benefit the Fort Collins community.

```
We are programmers, designers, hackers, makers, tinkerers, writers and artists and we want to have an impact on the community around us.

We are dedicated to using technology to solve everyday challenges that the people, non-profits, charities, schools, government and grassroots organizations of Fort Collins face.
```

We will accomplish this by:

- Creating partnerships with organizations, non-profits, schools and other groups in the Fort Collins community.
- Creating partnerships with the Fort Collins and State Gov.
- Organizing events and teams to educate the community.
- Organizing events and teams to create for the community.
- Committing ourselves to transparency and openness.
  - All code will be open source.
  - All organizational meetings are open doors.

Some example events:

- Pitch Night: host a community pitch off to determine the next project we work on.
- Civic Hack Night: an event where we discus and collaborate on apps or websites for our partners.
- Teach kids and teens: use robotics, game and application development to teach and get youth excited about code.
- Hackathons: offering prizes for building tools, applications and websites that help the community.


### Why people want to be a part of CFFC, and what they want out of CFFC.

- A lot of organizations don't have a web presence or effectively use tech. CFFC could connect with and help organizations realize how tech could solve some of their problems. Whether it is creating an application or website, or teaching them to use tools that already exist.
- Creating things with others is fun!
- It is edifying to help others.
- Helping those who can't help themselves.
- Helping those in your own community is a great way to help yourself.
- Level up technical, social and other real world skills.
- Add experience to resume.
- Get the gratification of helping build CFFC from the very start.
- Community integration


### A few possible project ideas were born:

Improve Homeless Lives
- A project that allows people to give money to the homeless in a way that ensures the money will be spent positively.
- Ensures money can't be spent on alcohol, tobacco or drugs.
- Could be a partnership with Safeway and other markets in the region.

Skill Profiles
- An easy way for CFFC volunteers to post their skills and focus in an easily searchable manner.

### Commitment to Transparency and Open values.

Transparency:
- makes it easy for anybody to get involved in any matter.
- allows anybody to have a solid idea what various parts of CFFC are currently up to.
- holds the organization and all authority accountable to stick to their core values.

Openness:
- allows for people to use the things we build in their own community.
- lowers the barrier for anybody to get involved.

### Commitment to Agile Values.

- [Agile Manifesto](http://agilemanifesto.org/)
- [Agile Principles](http://agilemanifesto.org/principles.html)

Agile Principles:
- Allow us to prioritize what the community needs above anything else.
- Allow us to change as conditions and needs of the community change.


### Where would we like to be in a month?

- Be able to post content to the website.
- Have a basic financial model which includes a fundraising strategy.
- Begin discussion with Government Partners.
- Begin discussion with Community Partners.
- Begin arranging our first Pitch event.

### What can we do this week to get there?

- Contact Jeremy or Brandon if you want to get involved in website.
- Create a logo, contact Tara regarding any ideas.
- Spreading word to local orgs & non profits, even if it is just to say hey we exist.
- Create an ongoing ideas page, where people can add things so they aren't forgotten.
- Throw down some thoughts on finances and financial sustainability, common do's and don'ts.
- Think about: do we need to define titles and what members are?
- Make it easy for people to understand what events they should attend depending on how they want to help.
- Think about creating a community partnership with Hour of Code.

## Resources

- [Org Repository](https://github.com/CodeForFoco/org)
- [Agile Manifesto](http://agilemanifesto.org/)
- [Agile Principles](http://agilemanifesto.org/principles.html)
- [Code for America's Tips on Starting a Brigade](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19bN5RWK5nQTpz0mHUViHrzHiommBUAMSztwNRzUcxYo/edit#heading=h.jeuedkfo9mi6):
- [2016 Strategic Plan Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EB0Vv0yIkFQM_xpOaUS13loogYy0qtcnVxdo32mlCRA/edit#)
- [Advice from experienced Brigade leaders](http://forum.codeforamerica.org/t/brigade-leaders-on-advice/287)
